Add a warning when run as root (e.g., sudo pip) (#9394)
pypa/pip: news/6409.bugfix.rst

> This change discourages the usage of pip as root by showing a warning when pip install is run with sudo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a warning, discouraging the usage of pip as root, outside a virtual environment.
```
